# CS-340-Client-server-Development


Prompt: How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    Answer: The most important factor in a code's maintainability, readability, and adaptability is modularity. With modular code comes strutcure and organization that is easy to understand. It also means that for maintenance, only the modular function needs to be changed, not the entire code. Modularity also helps adaptability, it is much easier to modify the function to fit another purpose by making simple adjustments to a function. The CRUD module we made is quite basic to be used in ways that it wasn't intended for, but it could provide a strong basis in the future at the very least. The current CRUD functionality works fantastic so in the future I always have this code to use.
    
Prompt: How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    Answer: Throughout the computer science program, we are constantly being told that we aren't being trained to be programmers, we are being trained to be problem solvers. That is the essense of a computer scientist. The presentation of the project made it easy to think this way. The scenario is layed out, all we have to do is aggregate the data to find the requirements and problems, that is exactly how i did it. One step at a time. My approach has not changed for a while. I always read the documents, write down measurable goals, then work through top to bottom and testing from the top with each completed step. For a more real life scenario, the data/requirements sorting would be much more grueling work since it is so much more, but it is still the best course of action, as we have learned about in the SDLC.
    
Prompt: What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
    Answer: No matter how you slice it, computer scientists have a single job: problem solving. It matters because we live in a society that is riddled with problems, we are far from perfect but a good computer scientist will get the job done no matter what. This project has a lot to do with data analytics and stack development; both of those are extremely in demand positions right now. We are overflowing with data but we can't do antything with it unless we give it structure, like we did in this project, from CSV to working application.
